Document support for custom pip index servers (#77)
konflux-ci/docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/configuring/prefetching-dependencies.adoc

* From the {ProductName} *Applications* view, go to *Activity > Latest commits*.
//include::../partials/con_hermetic_verification.adoc[]

=== Prefetching `pip` dependencies from custom index servers

> Cachi2 supports the link:https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/cli/pip_install/#install-index-url[--index-url] option.

Reviewer: Is this correct? `--index-url`

or do we need to use:

```suggestion
Cachi2 supports the link:https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/cli/pip_install/#install-index-url[index url] option.
```

Author: `--index-url` is how the pip documentation refers to it and how it appears in the requirements.txt file

You can add this option to your `requirements.txt` file(s), instructing Cachi2 to download packages from the specified

> index server. Your file may look something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
index server. For example:
```

[source,text]
----
--index-url=https://example.pypi.org/simple/
requests==2.32.2 \
    --hash=sha256:dd951ff5ecf3e3b3aa26b40703ba77495dab41da839ae72ef3c8e5d8e2433289 \
    --hash=sha256:fc06670dd0ed212426dfeb94fc1b983d917c4f9847c863f313c9dfaaffb7c23c

# ...other packages
----

> WARNING: *Do not include credentials in the index url.* If needed, provide authentication via a `.netrc` file (as described below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: Do not include credentials in the index url. If needed, provide authentication through `.netrc` file (as described below).
```

To provide `.netrc` authentication for the index server:

. Create a key/value secret (see xref:/how-tos/configuring/creating-secrets.adoc[creating secrets for your builds]).

>   Set `.netrc` as the key. Upload the content of your `.netrc` file as the value. For more details on netrc files,

Reviewer: Upload where?

Author: ![image](https://github.com/konflux-ci/docs/assets/38193343/942ccdfd-1c3d-4223-8661-7e7e2424a46d)

I think this should be covered by the linked creating-secrets doc

>   Set `.netrc` as the key. Upload the content of your `.netrc` file as the value. For more details on netrc files,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  . Set `.netrc` as the key. 
  . Upload the content of your `.netrc` file as the value. For more infromation on netrc files,
```

>   see https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/topics/authentication/#netrc-support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  see link:https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/topics/authentication/#netrc-support[netrc support].
```

> . In your `.tekton/` PipelineRun files, pass the netrc secret to the pipeline. Add the newly created secret to the `.spec.workspaces` section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In your `.tekton/` PipelineRun files, pass the netrc secret to the pipeline. 
. Add the newly created secret to the `.spec.workspaces` section:
```

Author: It is one step - the user passes the netrc secret to the pipeline by adding it to `.spec.workspaces`

Author: I dropped `pass the netrc secret to the pipeline.`. It was meant to explain what the user achieves by adding the workspace, but I think it only added confusion

+
[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  # ...
  workspaces:
    # ...
    - name: netrc
      secret:
        secretName: my-netrc  # the name you assigned to the secret in step 1
----

> . Make sure your PipelineRuns pass the netrc workspace to the prefetch-dependencies task. In the `.spec.pipelineSpec.tasks` section,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Make sure your PipelineRuns pass the netrc workspace to the prefetch-dependencies task. 

. In the `.spec.pipelineSpec.tasks` section,
```

Author: Same here, dropped the whole first sentence
